“Grandpa, if it doesn’t work this time, I don't know what I’ll do without you” The granddaughter said through heavy tears.
“It will work. Me and him have a deal. He never breaks a deal” The grandfather tried to say this soothingly to his granddaughter but lapses of shaky fear made its way through with each pause of the sentence. She broke down sobbing and laid her head against the scratchy, dark brown, wool blanket her grandfather had draped over his body while he lay back against a mountain of pillows. There was an in-home heart monitor that sat next to the small twin sized mattress her grandfather had against the far wall of his small room, the room being just long enough to accommodate the length of his bed.
The grandfather's hands had become so frail, a once powerful chin and strong cheekbones sat wrinkled and withered with age and sickness. His hair at a time had such length to it, hanging at least a foot past his shoulders, silky jet black with almost streaks of brown that ran through thick curls. 
There was almost nothing left of his hair. 
The granddaughter almost couldn’t recognize those deep and sunken eyes.
“Bring it here” The grandfather said shakily.
Without question the granddaughter left the room hurriedly. Five minutes later she returned with a basket that had a cloth over the top of it. She set it down on her grandfather's lap and then sat down herself with her face in her hands.
The grandfather grabbed a large knife from the small bedside table, raising it above the basket with both hands with the point facing straight down. The sound of a child crying sounded from the basket and the granddaughter walked over to the wall, facing it with her face still in her hands sobbing hysterically.
“It’ll be okay dear. Your mother had to do this once too, I only ever ask once. Thank you for your sacrifice.” With those words the grandfather plunged the knife into the basket. The child's crying stopped.
A soft whisper sounded through the room.
"Another measly 40 years old man… "
